# Stop Copying Files Into Obsidian | Folder Bridge Plugin

## 视频信息


- **作者**: Paul Dickson
- **发布日期**: 20260401
- **时长**: 13:04
- **观看数**: 4.3K
- **点赞数**: 166
- **标签**: Obsidian, Obsidian App, Folder Bridge, Virtual Mounts, Hidden Folders, Claude Code, AI Tools, Directories

## 简介


Obsidian Starter Vault Download
Free Kit: https://ko-fi.com/s/33678f10a7 (Free)
Pro Kit: https://ko-fi.com/s/c8e544e005 (Donation)
Obsidian App: https://obsidian.md/
Obsidian Forums: https://forum.obsidian.md/

CHAPTERS
00:00 - Intro
00:19 - The Folder Bridge Community Plugin
06:26 - How to Setup Folder Bridge
12:21 - Outro

VIDEO DESCRIPTION

Obsidian usually forces you to move files into your vault just to work with them. That ends today. I’m going to show you how to virtually mount a hidden system folder, a media library, or remote sync folder directly into your sidebar without moving a single file into your vault

HOW TO GET IT?
Folder Bridge is currently pending review for the official Community Plugins directory, but you can install it right now using BRAT. (01/04/2026)

Install the Obsidian42 - BRAT plugin.
Open the command palette and run BRAT: Add a beta plugin for testing.
Enter the repository URL: https://github.com/tescolopio/Obsidian_FolderBridge

// Buy me a Coffee
https://ko-fi.com/motion2082

## 语音转录（Whisper AI）


 Opxsidian usually forces you to move files into your vote just to work with them that ends today. I'm going to show you how to virtually mount a hidden system voter, a media library or remote singink voder directly into your side bar without moving a single file into your vote. Opxsidian photo bridge is a community plugging that extends of cidian single route vote by letting you mount external vovoters as simeless native feeling directories inside your oppsidian vote files stay in their original vote is no copying, no duplication, and no symulinking the problem that this community pluggsosols is that opsididian sambobox your vovoso. So any voto outside of europedidivovote is not visible. Also, if you have any hidden dopptoters inside your vote, then they are also not visible. So one of the most common ones is the dot claude voter. So anyone using AI tos or eurored cocode would usually have a dot t cloud voter inside of their epsidian vote. So, by a day phoof oppsidium voshow this the same goes for your durope sidian voter. And you can say you i've got two ST photos, a snk thing that are also not shown as well as my trash and ST ignore firile. So you could get around that. What i can do is i can set up a virtual mount point for claud here, and that's what i've done up the top here usually. What i would do is i'd go into VS carried, open up my virtual mount point, and i can bring back to my commands inside of the commands vohoto, then jump up my oppsidia and with photo bridge. What i can do is create a virtual mount point. Ii have access to my commands, and i can bring up my fixed voter. And i brchange to a on the fly. I can also search, so i could control oh, type in fix and bring up another one of my commanthat that i want to ma change to what i could just review ininside of opsidian, so that is super useful. Another thing you can do is if don't don't want to en up up another opcity in voat. You can actually imporus as a virtual mount point. So you can see i've got my new discovery vote here, and that is also searchable. So i can type in start here. And bring up the site, not here ar file from that vote. So if you don't want to open up another vipsidian vote, you can just attach it as a virtual mount point, something else that i've found really useful, then you don't want to sink your whole of medium vote. You might have a gool drive weyou've, got a photo cold remote, sink like i do here, and i've simply got three files in then, and i might want to share these across multiple of cidian votes. But i don't want to set up sink thing or sink all my private files. So what i do is i mount it as a virtual mount point like here. And then i have access to those files in all of my obsidian votes. So another use cases, if you have a media vote, like like i here here, and i have a pcifie files. So you you want want to attch the movie files. So you can see up here of got the matrix. So if we open up the matrix, and if i can expand the right pain, can see down the bottom here. I have media fte like then i've ve got a dot MP four file, which is the ten ADP blue ray. And then we can see the movie has been embedded here. So i can preview that movie inside of of opsidian. So that could be quite useful. And all i need to do is create a photo bridge to my photofie photo. And i have all my movies in there, and you can serve got the matrix ppology down here. I can open up, and you can see that there's the MP four file that is just living on my media servera. And i've link to inside of opbsidian so that i can access the movie inside of opbsidian. So that could be something like useful if you collect movies or music, or you've got references to PDS, so that magazines or books. So let's have a quick look at the photo bridge settings. So to do that or go down to the settings. So that go ll out inside of photo bridge. Now the first son, you see to a poopsidso. So you use of music, sink or sink thing, you must add the virtuphoto name to your sink, ignore list. So you for think think this is the dot ST ignore file othless as your sink ted engine. You 'try try uplolow the entire contents of your mounted photos. So you just need to do that on the fly so that you doesn't sink those up to your sink thing or opposidy and sink. You say you've got an option as a dry run, also you got notifications on or off. So when you open up cidyou'll see a status or the amount that of being voded. So you can turn that off by fflicting the switch here. So what should happen when you delete a mounted photo? Every time time that's dedeauault, you can select unmount only or delete permanently. I just leave up as moounting think you can allow foreign mounts by default. This is off. You can cap the image ped f size cap by default is set to you ten. Every photo has an ignore pattern, so by a devovovoglope, it will iigore your dot DS if you're on a mac or your fomm stot debay desktop dot any or dot kit phoand. If you want to add anymore, you do that here by hitting add a default. The data dot jason pfoile inside the pluging directory is, and i've don't put the virtual mounts information. So if you want to put it summer else, like i have here, put it inside of my tool kand. The dota bridge dot managed t jason, then you can set another path for that good. If you don't want to think you're plugging photos, if you want to have it outside or your dot of of city pphoand and finonly down the bottom, you can see all the mount points that i have set up. Got new new discorevote, which is an external vote. And i've also got my remote sink google drive voter. And i can turn these off that any time with the switch, remove them at it them or lock them to be redoonly. So if don't want to make changes tennto that you can just make them read for which you suopen handy. So on the next part of the video show how to install this community plugging before we go ahead and install the photo bridge community plugging. I just wanted to do a shout out to digital biokee, who shed and show case this community plugging on the obsidium forum. Then we scroroin down. We can say that photo bridge is currently pending review for the official community plugging directory. So if you can't see it in the community plugging directory, then what we can do is install it with the brat plugging. So to do that, all we need to do is highout the gihub plug in here and copy, then will jump into a psidium go down to our segging and copate to community plugging select browns, ensure that you got the brat community, plugging installed and select options, scroll down and select add bit of plugin pace, the your role that you just copied and select the batof plugin. Then you simply just need to hit at pluging, then you be presented with the welcome to photo bridge model phm. So we want to add our first mount. So digo to do. I don't do that. So the first thing we need to do is choose the real path. So we're going to hit browse and sevict to mabcity in voat and select the dot clawd hoto. This mount type is going to be my the lowho file system. I'll leave everything. I'll stay fault, then i'll select flode syadd. Now this photo is already being singked by assing thing. So i don't need to worry about adding it to the ST, ignore file in the first example. So we're still in the braat plugging here. So what we need to do is scrowdown, and we're the hoto bredge community plug in. So once we're in there scrowled down, and i'm gonna leave our global ignal patterns on the day fault. So you do do one exclude anything in the dot clawd photo. So you can browse and select what you don't want to show. So so not want to show the change lolog. So so can seselect that one. Now the first lologggone. And if you want to bring it back, can just hloffot, and it will come back next time time rerefresso. So the next thing i would recommend, you do is set set AOOC file location. So you can see here, this is suggesting that i put it in my parent vote directory. And this is where it's going to store all the information about my amount. So i'll like to keep everything qute te. I'm going to put it in my tokkit, which is this one here. So i just need to hit the set button that's going to go set the settings for this plugging inside of my tokkin. And this is handy when you're not thinking the pluggin photos across multiple votes. So if we grow down, we want to add out next mount point. So just hit the admount point button this time, i'm going to choose another oppot ting vote te. So just go up up bowse. So i'm just gna come into my project voter and select my new deject vote, which i made a video about a few weeks ago. I was select that one to put it. Everything. I'll stay vote and select validate and add. We can see we've got a few status on the totop right there. So now i've got my two mount points, i've got my new discovery vote and my dot claude voder. Now i can turn those on or or reany time time, i can also lock them them down remomothem. So the next thing thing onnto do is on, i add a remote snc hoto, which is attached to my google drive. So i'm going add d remote sink here. So seleleadd mount point. So i'm going to DD my mote file systestebecause i'i'm using google drive, and i'll select browse i'i'm just going to select my google addrive, and then i'll choose the my drive opposite tion, remote, sink photo, select phoder i'i'led d, select validate and add. So now i my my momosnink foder, which is right of so so let's got that and have a look. So we can see here i'got that and have tach new discovery vote. And i'll also have my remote sink folder with my remote files. So it's just worth mentioning that obssidian can only natively render markdown and pedia files as well as images, audio and video. So anything outside of that, like a microsoft location, excel or power point or code files will not show up in the fonto mounor. So that is one limitation to be mindful of as you start adding more photo ounts. You might notice that on the left hand side, it starts becoming a little bit untidy. So so i would recommendodoing as clicicand crecrea new photo coled seven amounts. I'm going to write, click change icon on and use a hard drive. So can what you can do is you can write, click your mount and use the move mount too, or do that for the new dishoto vote and on a stop in seven and choose my new photo votion. So now you can sell of move my first mount there. You can also left click and drag. And added in there. And now my remote sink is in the seven mounts photo. And that way, all i me to do is set up my ST, ignore sink thing files to exclude the seven mounts photo. And it's going to exclude every think that's inside of that parent photo. That's going to be a little bit ttidioa or leave the clawd one out. So i could also put that down there as well. But i think it's fine out the top there. No thing thing you can is if if you the you've got lots of files. So if i had a lot of files in these new discovery vote here, i can click at it, scroll all the way down, reveal the advancsetttings scroll all the way down and limit the amount of files that are being scanned. So that could be something earth considering if you're finding your running into late ensey issues by adding multiple files voter bridge checks all your active mounts every thirty seconds in the background. So that's it for today's video. Just wanted to say a quick shout out all my cory files, support voters and members. Thank thank for your suppsupplet. Me know on the comments. If this community plugin is going to solve any problems that you are having mounting external photos. Thanks watching, and i'll see in the next video.

